Adding a Getting started (#25)
GoogleCloudPlatform/khi: docs/en/getting-started.md

## **Getting Started \- Quick Touch with Deployments**

> This tutorial will teach you how to visualize the state changes of Kubernetes objects using Kubernetes History Inspector (KHI). Using Deployments as an example, you'll create, scale, roll out, and delete Pods, and then use KHI to see how these operations change the state of Pods and ReplicaSets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will explain how to visualize the state changes of Kubernetes resources using Kubernetes History Inspector (KHI). Using Deployments as an example, you'll create, scale, roll out, and delete Pods, and then use KHI to see how these operations change the state of Pods and ReplicaSets.
```

Please see [User Guide](./user-guide.md) as well.
 
### **Prerequisites**

* Available GKE cluster
* kubectl  
* Docker or podman   
* gcloud

<details>

<summary>Quick reference: Create a GKE cluster</summary>

1. Go to Cloud Shell [https://shell.cloud.google.com/](https://shell.cloud.google.com/)
2. Run gcloud command `gcloud container clusters create khi-tutorial`

</details>

### **Preparation**

KHI is a tool for visualizing past events in a Kubernetes cluster. In other words, KHI cannot be used without historical data in the Kubernetes cluster.  
First, let's create a Deployment, scale it out, roll it out, and see what it looks like. Also, note the current time as you'll use it later.

1. **Creating a Deployment:**

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe we need `gcloud container clusters get-credentials --location <LOCATION> <cluster-name>`

Author: you right, good catch!

kubectl create deployment --replicas 3 --image nginx nginx
```

This command creates a Deployment using the nginx image. The `--replicas 3` option creates three Pods. Please wait until there are 3 Pods in your Kubernetes.

```
kubectl get pod
```

2. **Scaling the Deployment:**

```
kubectl scale deployment nginx --replicas 8
```

This command scales up the Deployment, increasing the number of Pods to 8. Please wait until completing the scale-up.

```
kubectl get pod -w
```

3. **Rolling out the Deployment:**

```
kubectl rollout restart deployment nginx
```

> This command rolls out the Deployment. The Pods are replaced with new Pods in order. Please wait until completing the rollout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command recreates Pods under the Deployment one by one. The Pods are replaced with new Pods in order. Please wait until completing the rollout.
```

Author: This is a slightly off-topic comment, but since Deployments do not recreate Pod one by one(following maxSurge), how about this one?

```suggestion
This command recreates Pods under the Deployment. The Pods are replaced with new Pods in order. Please wait until completing the rollout.
```

Reviewer: LGTM

```
kubectl rollout status deployment nginx
```

4. **Deleting the Deployment:**

```
kubectl delete deployment nginx
```

This command deletes the Deployment and the Pods.

Now, stop the timer and record the current time. Note the time difference between this time and the time you created the Deployment.

### **Procedure**

> History has been recorded in Kubernetes. Let's use KHI to see how Kubernetes has operated in the past. KHI is available as a container image, so you can start it with Docker (or podman).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes audit logs about these changes have been recorded in Cloud Logging. Let's use KHI to see how Kubernetes has operated in the past. KHI is available as a container image, so you can start it with Docker (or podman).
```

```

> docker run -p 8080:8080 ghcr.io/googlecloudplatform/khi:latest -host 0.0.0.0 -access-token=`gcloud auth print-access-token`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -p 8080:8080 ghcr.io/googlecloudplatform/khi:latest -access-token=`gcloud auth print-access-token`
```
